=== PAGE 5 START ===
SHC Virtual Location
Gladstone, Abbie L
10/21/2024 - Ancillary Procedure in Sharp Rees-Stealy Mira Mesa MRI (continued)
Imaging (continued)
NOORONS
COMPARISON:
MR IAC with contrast 8/3/2017.
TECHNIQUE:
The following sequences were performed:
. T 1 weighted sagittal.
. T 2 weighted TSE axial.
FLAIR axial.
EPI diffusion weighted axial.
T 1 weighted axial.
. Cor T 2 with fat saturation a
. Axial 3-D FIESTAthrough the IACs sequences were also performed.
No intravenous gadolinium was administered.
FINDINGS:
Sagittal images demonstrate no Chiari malformation. The brain parenchyma demonstrates normal gray/white matter
differentiation with no apparent mass effect.
The ventricles and sulci are within normal limits in size for age.
No extra-axial fluid
collections identified.
No evidence of infarct or intracranial hemorrhage is seen.
Normal major cerebral vessel T 2 flow voids are
identified.
No abnormal restricted diffusion is seen.
No abnormal foci of subcortical white matter T 2 prolongation are seen, which are non-specific and most likely represent chronic
ischemic changes secondary to hypertension or small vessel disease.
Axial 3-D FIESTA images through the bilateral |ACs demonstrate normal-appearing bilateral CN VII and VIII complexes. No
abnormal nodularity is seen to suggest a vestibular schwannoma. The visualized bilateral cerebellar pontine angle cisternsare
clear. No definite aberrant vessel loop is seen.
The visualized paranasal sinuses and mastoid air cells are clear.
IMPRESSION:
1. Essentially unremarkable brain MRI without gadolinium enhancement .
2. Optional axial 3-D FIESTA images through
the bilateral [ACs or also obtained and demonstrate normal-appearing bilateral CN
VIl and VIII complexes. No abnormal nodularity is seen to suggest a vestibular schwannoma. The visualized bilateral cerebellar
pontine angle cisterns are clear. No definite aberrant vessel loop is seen.
Testing Performed By
Lab - Abbreviation
Name
Director.
Address
Valid Date Range
Indications
Nonintractable episodic headache, unspecified headache type [R 51.9 (ICD-10-CM)]
Facial numbness [R 20.0 (ICD-10-CM)]
Signed
LSResult Notes
Justin Dominick, MD
Noted. Images reviewed and message sent to patient through portal.
=== PAGE 5 END ===
