=== PAGE 11 START ===
Incident Number:
22168897
Patient Name:
Gladstone, Abbie L.
D.O.B.:
12/14/1999
Unit Notified by 07/11/2024
Current Incident
Billed
Status:
Ill.How We May Use and Disclose Your Protected Health Information.
The law requires us to have your authorization for some uses and disclosures. In other circumstances, the law allows usto use or disclose PHI without
your authorization. This section gives examples of each of these circumstances
Uses and Disclosures That Require Us to Give You the Opportunity to Object. Unless you object, we may provide relevant portions of your PHI to a
family member, friend or other person you indicate is involvedin your health care or in helping you get payment for your health care. We may use or
disclosure your PHI to notify your family or personal representative of your location or condition. In an emergency orwhen
you are not capable of
agreeing or objecting to these disclosures, we will ‘disclo
‘ose PHI as we determineis in your best interest, but will tell you about it later, after the
emergency, and give you the opportunity toobject to Future disclosures to Family and Friends. Unless you object, we may also disclose your PHI to
persons performing disaster relief activities.
A.Certain Uses and Disclosures Do Not Require Your Authorization The law allows us to disclose PHI without your authorization in the Following
circumstances: (1)When Required by Law.
(2)For Public Health Activities.
(3)For Reports About Victims of Abuse, Neglect or Domestic Violence.
(4)To Health Oversight Agencies.
{5)For Lawsuits and Disputes.
{6)To Law Enforcement. We may release PHI if asked to do so by a law enforcement official, in the following circumstances: (a) in response to a court
order, subpoena, warrant, summons or similar process; (b} to identify or locate a suspect, Fugitive, material witness or missing person; (c) about the
victim of acrime if, under certain limited circumstances, we are unable to obtain the person’s agreement: (d) about a death we believe may be due to
criminal conduct; (e) about criminal conduct atour facility; and
(f F) in emergency circumstances, to report acrime, its location or victims, or the
identity, description or location of the person who committed the crime.
{7)To Coroners, Medical Examiners and Funeral Directors.
{8)To Organ Procurement Organizations.
{9)For Medical Research. We may disclose your PHI without your authorization to medical researchers who request it for approved medical research
projects
{10)To Avert a Serious Threat to Health or Safety.
({11)For Specialized Government Functions.
{12)To Workers’ Compensation or Similar Programs.
IV.Other Uses and Disclosures of Your Protected Health Information.
Other uses and disclosures of your PHI that are not covered by this Notice or the laws that apply to us will be made only with your written
authorization. The law also requires your written authorization before we may use or disclose: (i) psychotherapy notes, other than For the purpose of
carrying out our treatment, payment or health care operations purposes, (ii) amy PHI for our marketing purposes or (iii) amy PHI as part of a sale of PHI.
If you give us written authorization For a use or disclosure of your PHI, you may revoke that authorization, inwriting, at any time. If you revoke your
authorization we will no longer use or disclosure your PHI for the purposes specified in the written authorization, except that 2 we are unable to
retract any disclosures we have already made with your permission. In addition, we can use or disclose your PHI after you have revoked your
authorization for actions we have already taken
in reliance on your authorization. We are also required to retain certain records of the uses and
disclosures made when the authorization was in effect.
V.Your Rights Related to Your Protected Health Information. You have the following rights:
A.The Right to Request Limits on Uses and Disclosures of Your PHI. You have the right to ask us to limit how we use and disclose your PHI. Any such
request must be submitted in writing to our Privacy Officer. We are not required to agree toyour request. If we do agree, we will put it inwriting and
willabide by the agreement except when you require emergency treatment. Notwithstanding the Foregoing, we must agree to a restriction on the
use or disclosure of your PHI if: (i) the disclosure is for our payment or health care operations purposes and is not otherwise required by law and (ii)
you or another person acting on your behalf has paid For our services in Full.
B.The Right to Choose How We Communicate With You. You have the right to ask that we send information to you at a specific address (for example,
at work rather than at home) or in a specific manner (for example, by e-mail rather than by regular mail, or never by telephone). We must agree to
your request as long as itwould not be disruptive to our operations to do so. You must make any such requestin writing, addressed to our Privacy
Officer.
C.The Right to See and Copy Your PHI. Except for limited circumstances, you may look atand copy your PHI if you ask in writing to do so. Any such
request must be addressed to our Patient Billing Service Center, which will respond toyour request within 10 days (or 30 days if the extra time is
needed). In certain situations we may deny your request, but if we do, we will tell you inwriting of the reasons for the denial and explain your rights
with regard to having the denial reviewed. Ifwe keep your information in an electronic format, you may request that we provide it to you in that
Format and we will do so if it would be Feasible.
D.The Right to Correct or Update Your PHI. If you believe that the PHI we have aboutyou is incomplete or incorrect, you may ask us to amend it. Any
such request must be made in writing and must be addressed toour Patient Billing Service Center, and must tell us why you think the amendment is
appropriate. We will not process your request if it is not inwriting or does not tell us why you think the amendment is appropriate. We will act on your
request within 30 days or less if state law requires (or 60 days if the extra time is needed), and will inform you in writing as towhether the amendment
will be made or denied. Ifwe agree to make the amendment, we will ask you who else you would like us to notify of the amendment.
We may deny your request if you ask usto amend information that:
(1)was not created by us, unless the person who created the information is no longer available to make the amendment;
(2)is not part ofthe PHI we keep about you;
(3)is not part of the PHI that you would be allowed to see or copy; or
(4)is determined by us to be accurate and complete.
Ifwe deny the requested amendment, we will tell you in writing how to submit a statement of disagreement or complaint, or to request inclusion of
your original amendment request in your PHI.
E.The Right to Get a List of the Disclosures We Have Made. You have the right toget a list of instances in which we have disclosed your PHI. The List
will not include disclosures we have made For our treatment, payment and health care operations purposes, those made directly to you or your
family or friends or through our facility directory, or for disaster relief purposes. Neither will the list include disclosures we have made for national
security purposes or to law enforcement personnel, or disclosures made before April 14, 2003.
Page 11 of 15
=== PAGE 11 END ===
