=== PAGE 35 START ===
Documents (continued)
MOVPQCNOS
THANK YOU for allowing us to treat you in the Scripps Mercy San Diego Emergency Department today. Please read these
discharge instructions completely.
If you have any questions, ptease ask your dectoror nurse.
It is very important for you
to understand these instructions and follow the plan that has been outlined to et you on the road to health as soon as
possible. Tokelp you further understand your condition, we have provided information about your diagnosis along with
the treatment plan in the attached sheets.
Please read and ask ifyou have any questions.
Please note:
- Wedid not feel you need to be admitted to the hospital today.
- Your condition may change, and if you are concerned you are getting worse, we are happy tosee you again at any time.
- Please fill any prescriptions promptly, and take medications as directed.
-Make sure to follow up as instructed for post-emergency department reassessment. with your doctor, or with another
MD cr specialist asdirected, withie the indicated time. If you cannot, you can ge toacommunity clinic.
Ifyou cannot arrange follow up. then returs to the emergency department for re-evaluation. Failure to follow-up as
directed could lead todisability, worsening
itiness, or even death.
- Please return to the Emergency Dept. right away, ifyou have worsening symptoms, increasing pain, fever >
107 F,
vomiting, or any other concerning symptoms after discharge.
=
Hfycu are asmoker, we recommend you quit smoking,
Please talk to your dector fer help, or call 1-800-NO-SUTTS for
smaking cessation resources.
-
your blood pressure was higher than 126/80 during your time in the ED,
you may have high blaod pressure.
Please get
your blood pressure
rechecked within 1 week ataclinic or with your primary care physician.
You can
download the my Scripps app on your phone and create an account fo seeany
test results and show them to your
doctor as needed.
Thank You!
Emergency Department
Scripps Mercy Hospital San Diego
=== PAGE 35 END ===
