=== PAGE 19 START ===
03/01/2024 - ED in Scripps Mercy Hospital San Diego Emergency Department (continued)
Discharge Instructions - Discharge Instructions
Discharge Instructions by Norton, Valerie Constance, MD
03/01/24 1040
‘: Norton, Valerie Constance, MD
&
Norton, Valerie Constance, MD (Physician
Written
THANK YOU for allowing us to treat you in the Scripps Mercy San Diego Emergency Department today.
Please read these discharge instructions completely.
If you have any questions, please ask your doctor or
nurse. It is very important for you to understand these instructions and follow the plan that has been outlined
to get you on the road to health as soon as possible. To help you further understand your condition, we
have provided information about your diagnosis along with the treatment plan in the attached sheets.
Please read and ask if you have any questions.
Please note:
- We did not feel you need to be admitted to the hospital today.
- Your condition may change, and if you are concerned you are getting worse, we are happy to see you
again at any time.
-
Please fill any prescriptions promptly, and take medications as directed.
- Make sure to follow up as instructed for post-emergency department reassessment with your doctor, or
with another MD or specialist as directed, within the indicated time. If you cannot, you can go toa
community clinic.
If you cannot arrange follow up, then return to the emergency department for re-evaluation. Failure to follow-
up as directed could lead to disability, worsening illness, or even death.
- Please return to the Emergency Dept. right away, ifyou have worsening symptoms, increasing pain, fever
>101 F, vomiting, or any other concerning symptoms after discharge.
- If you are a smoker, we recommend you quit smoking.
Please talk to your doctor for help, or call 1-800-
NO-BUTTS for smoking cessation resources.
- If your blood pressure was higher than 120/80 during your time in the ED, you may have high blood
pressure.
Please get your blood pressure rechecked within 1 week at a clinic or with your primary care
physician.
You can download the my Scripps app on your phone and create an account to see any test results and
show them to your doctor as needed.
Thank You!
Emergency Department
Scripps Mercy Hospital San Diego
=== PAGE 19 END ===
