=== PAGE 5 START ===
Objective measures will be used to chart progress. Pt understands and agrees with this treatment plan. The patient's rehab
potential is good. She and/or family is aware of her diagnosis. The plans and goals have been developed and discussed
with the patient. Patient consents to treatment plan and goals and gives verbal informed consent.
Goals
Short-Long
Time Framel Result
Comment
Patient will be independent in progressive
Short Term
4 weeks
New
monitored HEP.
Improve all shoulder strength by 1 grade to
|Long Term
6 weeks
New
assist with ADL's.
Able to complete all ADL with no inc in
Long Term
6 weeks
New
symptoms.
Quick DASH will improve by 9-11 points
Long Term
6 weeks
New
(MCID)
All R shoulder ROM grossly WEL
Long Term
6 weeks
New
All cervical spine ROM grossly WFL
Long Term
6 weeks
New
Assessment of Complexity:
Medical and Therapy History: No personal factors and/or comorbidities that impact the plan of care.
Patient Examination: Examination of body systems was completed using standardized tests and measures addressing 1-2
elements from any of the following: body structures and functions, activity limitations, and/or participation restrictions.
Clinical Presentation: With stable and/or uncomplicated characteristics.
Clinical Decision Making: Low complexity using standardized patient assessment instrument and/or measurable assessment
of functional outcome.
Based on the documented information above, the patient complexity is determined to be low.
MIPS Quality Measures
Measure 130: Documentation of Current Medications in the Medical Record
Eligible clinician attests to documenting in the medical record they obtained, updated, or reviewed the patient's current
medications.
Measure 181: Elder Maltreatment Screen and Follow-Up Plan
Elder maltreatment screen documented as negative, follow-up is not required.
Measure: 182: Functional Outcome Assessment
Functional outcome assessment documented as positive using a standardized tool ANDa care plan based on identified
deficiencies is documented within two days of the functional outcome assessment: Therapeutic exercises, therapeutic
activity, manual therapy, functional lifting, modalities as needed
Measure: 128: Preventive Care and Screening: Body Mass Index (BMI) Screening and Follow-Up
BMI is documented within normal parameters and no follow-up plan is required.
Measure 155: Falls: Plan of Care
Patient has not had more than 2 falls or any falls with injury in the past year.
Measure 48: Percentage of female patients aged 65 years and older who were assessed for the presence or
absence of urinary incontinence within 12 months
Presence or absence of urinary incontinence assessed: negative
=== PAGE 5 END ===
